Sure,

I have overall 11 yrs. of extensive IT experience in Development, Support, Implementation of software applications which includes 6 years of experience in Big Data using Hadoop, Hive, Sqoop, kafka, Oozie, Spark and Scala. 
Having 6+ years of experience in Teradata RDBMS.
My professional journey started back in 2009 where I began as a Terdata Developer and worked for a couple of support projects for Healthcare US client.
This is where I gained good exposure to support & enhancement projects and activities. 
Here I also worked with onshore-offshore model where we collaborated closely with onsite team to make sure the processes and development keeps going.


---edit below---
Then I moved onto Implementation projects and performed both implementation and rollout for SAP BW for clients like Walmart, Sony and Adobe. Here I got good experience in end-to-end implementations from scratch where we started with conducting workshops with clients and gathering requirements which were then converted to blueprints. Those were approved by the client and then were translated into functional and technical design documents.
Then we implemented SAP BW from scratch , based on the technical design, by activating stnd content and also creating custom extractors and flow to satisfy requirement which weren’t met by stnd flow.
This gave me exposure to extractor enhancements using ABAP.
By now, I got to work on multiple modules such as SD, FI, PS, PM and QM.
Then I moved to UK as an onsite lead for a major BW implementation for Utility client Scottish Power
and got a chance to work on BW on HANA and Native HANA where we implemented native HANA calculation views, procedures, table functions, XS jobs and also BW components such as Optimized Infocube and DSO. I also worked with reporting team to consume the BW queries in BO tools such as WebI for slice and dice and Lumira for dashboarding.
Then I got a chance to work on BW4HANA migration project which we migrated BW 7.4 to BW4HANA and created ADSO, Composite provider and also built hybrid modeling where we created Native HANA models and consumed them in the Composite provider.
During this I also got a chance to work on BADIs, AMDP based BW transformation rules.
We also worked on creation of customer exit and HANA exit BW query variables using the new BADI and AMDP class and method.
And recently, I also got a chance to work on SAC-BW4HANA implementation where we build BW4HANA objects from scratch and then configured CORS (Cross Origin resource sharing) in BW4HANA, built a live connection to SAC and created SAC models and stories.
So that’s my journey so far.
